[Grace Potter's
"Stuck In The Middle" playing]
♪ Well, I don't know
Why I came here tonight ♪
♪ Got the feelin'
That somethin' ain't right ♪
♪ I'm so scared
In case I fall off my chair ♪
♪ And I'm wondering
How I'll get down the stairs ♪
♪ And there's clowns to the left of me
Jokers to the right ♪
♪ Here I am
Stuck in the middle with you ♪
♪ Yes, I'm stuck in the middle with you ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh ♪
So, with my bad hips and-- and my knees,
I was totally stuck,
and I realized there must be
a lot of people that are in the same--
Really make eye contact
with Mr. Wonderful.
Can I get through this just once
without you interrupting me?
Oh, yes, of course.
-Okay.
-I'm sorry. Go.
So, then we started talking
to other people,
-and it turns out that--
-I need you to make love to Mark Cuban.
You know, I'm gonna throttle you.
-With your eyes.
-With my hands!
You're just hangry. Nick should be here
with Indian food any minute.
How do you know?
He texted your phone
and asked what you wanted for dinner.
-[scoffs]
-So I texted back and said Indian.
-You call him Honeybear, right?
-No.
-It might be a thing you do now.
-[door opens]
-Hey, Honeybear.
-[slight chuckle] You're welcome.
Oh, look, there's Frankie. Still. Again.
-And always.
-I was sort of hoping
-I could just have dinner with my wife.
-But she hates Indian, and I ordered it.
Frankie was just leaving.
Okay.
I'm picking up what you're throwing down.
[grunts] I think your couch
wants me to stay.
-I think my husband wants you to go.
-[slight grunts]
All right, fine. I'll take out my takeout.
But if you forgot the tofu tikka,
I'm gonna--
Frankie! I'll see you in the morning,
9:00 a.m. sharp.
Can we make it noon?
You see what I'm gonna eat tonight.
I definitely forgot the tofu tikka.
Alexa, lock the door.
-[Alexa] Okay.
-[door locks]
And you think that's gonna stop her?
I'm sorry we've taken over the place.
Oh, stop worrying.
You're gonna do great,
and Frankie is made for TV.
I know. And we just need
one Shark to say yes.
That's right. Little thing, though,
that one Shark can't be Cuban.
-I'm sorry?
-Anyone but Mark Cuban.
I'm gonna grab the plates
and the Zantac. Be right back.
I don't understand.
[Nick] Curry doesn't sit well with me.
No. Why can't I make a deal with Cuban?
I have a bad history with that guy.
Some ugly stuff went down between us.
Rich guy stuff.
Well, what did he do to you?
-I don't want to talk about it.
-[scoffs]
It's actually painful just to think about.
[scoffs]
Well, you do realize this would reduce
our chances of funding the Rise Up
by 20 percent.
How am I supposed to tell Frankie that?
And there it is again.
The most important thing is Frankie.
This is a very big thing for us.
I've completely accepted Frankie
as part of our marriage.
I've done everything short
of inviting her into the marital bed.
Yeah, well, that's good,
'cause she'd probably accept.
So just once,
could you do something for me...
for the simple reason that...
I'm your husband and I'm asking?
Fine.
Fine. I promise, I... [deep breath]
We won't sell to Cuban.
Thank you, Honeybear.
Now let's eat this damn Indian food
that neither of us wanted.
And now all Sol can talk about
is going on a cruise.
Oh, you can't afford that.
You gave all that money
to save the theater.
I know that, Peter.
And I need it back before he finds out.
Our limit on spending
without telling each other is $679.
That precedent was clearly settled
with Sol v. Inflatable Jacuzzi.
You know, when you really look at it,
this is all Sol's fault.
He's the one who turned
our community theater benefit
into a fundraiser for a guy with cancer.
Oh, you're right. Sol's priorities
are way out of whack.
Why help a guy with cancer
when you can fund A Chorus Line?
Robert, you're not right
for A Chorus Line.
[door opens]
-Hi, honey.
-Hi, Sol.
Why do you two look so grim?
Oh, you know, just two old thespians
trying to figure out
how to raise the curtain one more time.
You remember, Sol,
how you ruined our fundraiser?
But don't you feel good
that we did a wonderful thing
for a man who was suffering?
-I guess.
-Yeah.
[Sol] Okay, well,
these will at least cheer up Robert.
Cruise brochures. [slight chuckle]
I've whittled it down to three choices,
depending on how much we want to spend.
Queen of the Sea,
which is super luxury deluxe,
Sea Chaser,
which is medium luxury deluxe,
or the Drunken Seahorse,
which is not deluxe at all, but a boat
that goes to some nice places.
Ah, the Seahorse. It sounds
like they know how to party.
Isn't the Seahorse the one
that had an outbreak of botulism
and several passengers perished at sea?
This is the one I want to go on, Peter.
But don't we deserve
the super luxury deluxe?
As Saroyan said,
"In the time of your life, live."
We're all gonna end up
in the ground anyway.
Like the people who died of botulism.
I'll call Queen of the Sea
and check availabilities.
Okay.
You know what that made me think?
That I'm gonna put you in the ground?
Didn't you guys just recently buy
fancy burial plots?
Last year. It was a very emotional day.
I'm sure it was. You need to sell them.
What? Are you insane?
It's the perfect solution
to this mess Sol's put you in.
By the time it comes out,
either he'll be dead and have no idea,
or you'll be dead
and have no idea how angry he is.
[gasps]
How come I'm not right for A Chorus Line?
Oh, Robert.
[exhales]
I can't believe how nervous I am.
I've never met a blood relative.
What's the worst that could happen?
He punches you off your bike
and thinks you're fucking his mom?
Less that and more...
what if I hate him?
-[scoffs] What if I like him?
-It'll be fine.
If you hate him,
you'll never have to see him again.
And if you like him, then you've
doubled your friend count.
Do people call cousins "cuz"?
Is that a thing?
I don't know, bro.
Look, let's take the pressure off, okay?
We'll agree on a safe word.
And if you're miserable, just say it,
and I'll come up with an excuse to go.
Okay, good idea. What's the word?
-Uh, how about "latte"?
-That's not gonna work.
-Why?
-Because I'm ordering a latte.
Order something else.
I have to change my drink?
Change your safe word.
Fine. Uh... [clears throat]
"Sugar."
Perfect.
-Hey. Are you my... Jordan?
-You must be Bud.
-Hey!
-Hi.
-Oh. Hey.
-Uh... Oh, yeah.
-Sorry, that was awkward.
-No, it's okay.
This is my brother, Coyote.
Oh, hi. How...?
But not as awkward as that.
Please.
So, uh, this is...
-Yeah. Yeah. It is, isn't it?
-[Jordan chuckles]
So, uh, what made you go
onto YourGeneMap-dot-com?
Uh, actually, my wife did.
She thought our daughter might be a genius
and was hoping I'd be related to one.
Ah, sorry, I was only third
in my class at Stanford.
Ooh.
-Just kidding, I was first.
-Oh.
Kidding again.
Uh, I didn't go to Stanford.
-Sorry, I'm bad at jokes.
-[chuckles]
Please do not think I'm weird.
I went to Harvard.
-Oh.
-It's okay. My brother just kissed you.
So, weird is a relative term
in this family.
Anyhoo, why'd you go on the website?
Well, actually,
I have this condition called CKD...
-Oh.
-So I was looking around
for a genetic match...
because I kind of need a kidney.
-A what?
-A kidney.
Donor.
-Wow. Can you pass the sugar?
-[Coyote exhales]
I'm so sorry about your kidney, man.
Hey, maybe Bud could give you one.
[gulls squawking]
[Grace clears throat] I, um...
So, uh, I-- I realized there must be
a lot of other people
in the same exact situation that I was...
[exhales]
I-I-I can't pitch like this.
Is it the rainstick?
No, it's... it's Sol.
-What are you doing here?
-I'm Mark Cuban.
I thought, based on my performance,
it was pretty obvious.
I plucked him out of obscurity.
Ah, give the kid a chance.
No, no, no!
There is no chance
that Cuban is gonna buy this.
I mean, just forget Cuban.
S-- Sol, go home.
Actually, in doing my research
for the role of Mark Cuban,
I discovered he recently had
a hip replacement.
Interesting.
Go on, Mark.
So, even though my character
isn't the target demo,
"I" can relate to why a person
would need this.
I knew you were one of those actors
who does research.
Looks like Cuban's our guy, Grace.
Bingo-bango, that's our mango. [chuckles]
[Sol] Want to hear my offer?
No. No offer.
Look, I'm telling you, Barbara Corcoran
is gonna flip for the Rise Up.
I don't know, she's pretty fancy.
She is a New York real estate mogul.
Do you know how many toilets she controls
in the Upper East Side alone?
I'm gonna concentrate on Barbara.
You concentrate on Lori.
She's a Midwestern city gal,
just like you.
I can work that angle.
[Sol] But what about my hip?
Yeah. What about his hip?
I could even use the Rise Up
to get up from my Shark chair.
Ow, ow, ow! Ow, ow, ow, ow!
Sol! Overacting.
But he does make a good point
with the hip.
Frankie, the women Sharks
are gonna get this.
We have to concentrate on them.
As your partner,
I'm asking you to trust me.
Okay. You're my partner.
I trust you. [slight chuckle]
[Sol] If you want me,
I'll be in my trailer.
[sizzling]
We've been in line for 45 minutes.
No tacos are worth this.
Bud said every bite
is like a sunset in your mouth.
He told Faith the same thing
about her strained peas.
Oh, here he is.
Just as we're getting close.
You know how you said there was
almost a no-percent chance
-I would be a kidney match?
-Yeah.
Well, you were
very, very, very, very wrong.
-No way.
-Are you serious?
Wait. What are-- what are you gonna do?
Well, what choice do I have?
Call him up and be like,
"Hey, Jordan, good news.
I'm a match, but I gotta look out
for number one. So best of luck."
Hold on. You tell him that you're saving
your spare parts for your family.
Allison, if you were sick,
and your cousin could save you,
I'd want more than anything
for them to give you a kidney.
Why can't he just be like other relatives
and ask for money?
Oh, speaking of,
could you spot me ten for the tacos?
[Allison scoffs]
This could only happen to me.
The first time I meet a real cousin,
and now I'm down one kidney.
You do realize this means
I can't play contact sports now, right?
Is badminton a contact sport?
It gets physical out there.
Were you guys talking
about giving a kidney to someone?
-Oh, no, you don't need one too, do you?
-No. No, no, no, no.
But that's really cool.
Yeah, my sister was saved by
an organ donor who died in a car accident.
I've always wanted to thank him,
but, you know, I-I can't.
So how about I thank you, huh?
Free tacos for you and your friends.
Oh, you don't have to do that.
It's the least I can do for a hero.
Wow, he called you a hero.
That is a first for me.
Hey, hero, uh, I could still use that ten.
I'm starting to think
this might be in bad taste.
Robert, if you're selling bathing suits,
you go to a pool.
If you're selling grave sites,
you go to a graveyard.
Nobody sells anything
at either of those places.
Pretend we're listed on Zillow
and treat it
like it's any other real estate.
Emphasize the view, the neighborhood,
-the excellent school district.
-[exhales]
Hi. Can I interest you
in a glass of punch?
Okay.
You know, the sunset is
particularly spectacular from this spot.
And the neighbors are...
very quiet.
Are you having an open house
for a burial plot?
It was his idea!
He stole 20 grand from his husband!
Uh... [scoffs]
All right, so that's a soft yes.
This was a horrible idea!
And I never should have let you
talk me into it.
Excuse me, we're looking
for the sales office.
You found us. You buying? We're selling.
Actually, we're looking for a place
for our mom and dad.
They passed unexpectedly.
They studied bats.
I'm so sorry for your loss.
You are Mr. and Mrs...
-Martinez.
But we're actually brother and sister.
Tell you what, you need two,
we've got two.
Fifty grand, and your parents
are sleeping here tonight.
Wow, that's really out of our range.
And a little offensive. [nervous chuckle]
It is a beautiful spot.
Let's go.
-Wait. Please.
-Robert.
Nobody buys a car
without walking out of the dealership.
I don't want to make any money
off these people.
And I need a check to clear
before Sol finds out.
Man, you've got to get out of sales.
I think we can work something out.
[exhales] Grace, look where we are.
I am so proud of you right now.
No, I'm proud of you
for telling your story.
I'm proud of both of you.
You're on in 30 seconds.
Oh, okay, remember,
I got Barbara, you got Lori.
[exhales] Pound it.
Just touch your fist to my fist.
[makes explosion sound]
[laughs]
[Shark Tank theme plays]
Hello, Sharks. I'm Grace Hanson.
And I'm Frankie Bergstein.
And today, we are seeking
a $200,000 investment
in exchange for ten percent equity
in our business.
I've had a knee replacement.
Also, I'm 80 years old.
And two months ago, I was home alone,
and I couldn't get off the toilet.
-[chuckles]
-I grabbed for the toilet-paper dispenser,
-and it broke off.
-[laughs]
I mean, it was embarrassing,
and, frankly, dangerous.
Luckily, my best friend
and business partner helped me get up.
-[chuckles]
-And so, we realized
there must be a lot of people
in the same exact situation that I was in.
If only there was a...
a sleek, stylish product
that could help you get off the toilet
without making you feel
you were in a hospital.
Well...
now there is.
[toilet whirs]
[Sharks laugh]
Outstanding!
[Grace and Frankie] The Rise Up!
-[Barbara] Whoa!
-[applause]
-Love it.
-Fabulous.
[Grace] Thank you.
So, Sharks, who's ready
to Rise Up with us?
Nice job, ladies.
I have a couple questions.
Uh, Mark, I think Lori
was saying something.
Me? No, I wasn't talking.
-Oh, Barbara, it must have been you.
-Oh, no. I'm out.
What?
Lori, uh, I don't think you know this,
but I'm also from Detroit.
Uh, actually, I'm originally from Chicago.
And, ladies, I'm sorry. I'm out, too.
What the hell is happening?
[scoffs] Have none of you
seen this miracle?
-[Lori] Yeah.
-Uh, Rohan, Mr. Candy Man.
-You ran Snickers.
-I did.
How much nougat
you gonna put into this baby?
I don't know. It depends
how many units you have in production.
Uh, well, there's this one, and there's
one at my ex-husband's house.
So, just two? There's no nougat for you.
I'm sorry, I'm out.
I still have those questions.
Mr. Wonderful, I'm happy
to answer your questions.
Look, I'm sure your ex-husband
just loves it.
But look, I love money.
And if I don't have data, I'm not gonna
flush mine down that toilet. I'm out.
Thanks for your input.
Are you all crazy? [exhales]
Uh, Cube, uh, you had some questions.
Can I call you Cube?
No. What's your background, ladies?
Oh, we cofounded
a company called Vybrant,
which manufactures vibrators
for women struggling with arthritis.
Wait, you make those?
I'm gonna get back in here.
Yes! Oh, Barbara,
I had a feeling about you.
Hello? I'm interested.
I recently had a hip replacement.
Yeah, yeah, we-we know
about the hip. Barbara?
-Yeah?
-Do you have a patent?
-Barbara, do you have any questions?
-Yes. Do you have a patent?
What a great question.
We are patent pending.
-Great.
-I just asked that.
Barbara, how do you put up
with Mr. Chatty?
Uh, could we take a time-out
so I can talk to my partner?
-Sure.
-Uh, we'll be right back after this.
But--
[indistinct chattering]
So I meet this guy,
who I never even knew existed,
and he asks me for this huge favor.
Now what do I say? I'm all,
"Fuck yeah, man. Whatever you need."
And he's all, "Even if it's a kidney?"
And I'm all,
"Especially if it's a kidney."
[group chuckles]
That's intense. What did your wife say?
Well, obviously, she was concerned.
Who can blame her?
But I said to her,
"When our daughter grows up,
I want her to know two things:
Her Daddy's a hero,
and her shrimp allergies come from Mommy."
[laughter]
Hey, Jordan!
Oh, man. I always wanted
to come to this place,
but I don't want to stand in that line.
No, no, no, no, no. Lines are not
for kidney givers or kidney getters.
-We're celebrities here. Mostly me.
-[chuckles]
Hey, Miguel!
Can you get an al pastor for my cousin?
Oh, my God, this is so beautiful.
The long-lost cousins.
Hey, I'll bring the tacos to you.
Thank you.
Uh, Bud, I've kind of got to talk to you.
-Oh, yeah, yeah.
-Okay. All right. Uh...
Um...
Don't be shy.
I'm about to have my organ inside you.
Well, it's good news, actually.
Another kidney became available.
It turns out it's a better match.
I'm sorry, what?
It means that you don't have
to give me your kidney.
But I want to.
You can't.
You realize the polite thing to do
is reject a kidney after it's in you.
I thought you'd be happy.
It's just that you give me
this great gift, and now you take it back?
But don't you feel relieved?
You get to keep your kidney.
[exhales] It's just...
I've always been the guy
that would need a kidney, not give one.
I guess I really liked being
this other guy for a couple of days.
Bud...
you're not that guy
for just a couple of days.
You are that guy.
Yeah, but from now on,
you wait in line, hmm?
But... You heard all of that?
[Miguel] Yep.
You're treating Cuban like dirt.
You're interrupting him
every time he speaks.
Yeah, I know, I know.
But I'm telling you--
And I am digging it.
It's working perfectly.
He's eating out of the palm of your hand.
-He is?
-I need you to go at him even harder.
-What?
-Sol told me Cuban hates suck-ups.
You've got him looking for your approval.
Yeah, but see,
I've got Barbara on the hook.
She is our whale.
That would be great
if we were on Whale Tank.
Cuban is our Shark.
-[bell rings]
-[man] Time's up.
Now, I need you to go out there
and be a real jerk to him.
[toilet flushes]
[door opens]
[door closes]
That toilet is a hell of a thing.
Please. I'm obsessed.
What are you doing?
Just checking our bank balance.
Uh-huh.
I've been thinking a lot about the cruise,
and I just wanted to make sure
it was sensible.
And is it?
It's definitely sensible.
Oh, thank God. [chuckles]
It's about time we had this honeymoon.
Of course. And now that we know
we've got the money,
let's book the super luxury deluxe
and sail around the Greek islands.
[chuckles] Europe?
Yes! We deserve it.
[doorbell rings]
Oh, my God.
-Oh, my God.
-Yes!
[exhales]
Who's that for?
-Us, apparently.
-[door closes]
Oh, God.
I begged Sidney not to do this.
He told me he wanted to get us something
for all the money we raised for him.
You deserve it, Sol.
And, frankly, so do I.
Now let's dig into these goodies.
Oh, wait. It's addressed to you.
Who are the Martinezes?
"It's so good to know our beloved parents
will rest in peace.
Thank you again for selling us
your beautiful burial plots."
[muffled] That could mean anything.
First of all, Mark...
I never meant
to be dismissive of you earlier.
I think what you have accomplished
as a buyer of basketball teams is...
I mean, really, God,
all those championships.
One, actually.
But it was the best one, right?
I gotta be honest.
I don't know what to make of you.
And that has me leaning in.
I'm gonna make you an offer.
-You are?
-He is.
I see Rise Up helping millions of people.
I'm gonna give you
exactly what you asked for,
$200,000 for ten percent.
-Barbara, can you do better than that?
-No, I'm afraid I can't.
Can you do worse than that?
Yes, I certainly can. I'm out.
Well, then, that's it.
Bring it home, big boy.
So we have a deal?
-Yes, we do, partner.
-Uh...
-Great.
-No, no, no, we don't.
I am really sorry.
I can't accept this deal.
-What?
-[Barbara] What? Could you believe this?
-I'm sorry, we're out.
-[Mark] What?
-Out?
-[Lori] Wow.
-[Mr. Wonderful] Ooh.
What the hell did you just do?
Oh, Frankie, I'm sure
we're gonna find somebody else--
Oh! Oh, no.
No, we have somebody. Mark Cuban.
I think you need to go out there right now
and-- and tell him yes.
Well, they're just about
to start the next pitch.
It's for a Frisbee purse.
I don't care how brilliant the idea is--
We can't make a deal with Cuban.
Why not?
Because Nick asked me not to.
What has Nick got to do with any of this?
Cuban did something really bad to him.
What did he do?
Uh, that I don't know.
Well, in that case,
I totally understand
why you blew our deal.
Frankie, Nick asked me
to do this one thing for him,
and he's my husband.
And I'm your partner.
Why didn't you tell me?
Well, because I thought
we'd sell to somebody else
and never have to have this conversation.
The other day, you asked me to trust you,
and I did because it was you.
But you were lying.
Frankie, I did something I had to do
for my marriage.
At the expense of us.
I'm sorry.
You just threw away
everything we worked for.
Frankie.
You betrayed me.
-[exhales]
-But you know who I feel worse for?
You.
Because you betrayed yourself.
And now... [sniffles]
I'm out.
["Incoming" by Greg Felden plays]
[sniffles]
[exhales]
♪ Hits you when you least expect ♪
[bell rings]
♪ You wake up, your life's a wreck ♪
♪ No one told you, "Hit the deck" ♪
♪ Incoming ♪
♪ It starts falling from the sky ♪
♪ Eighty tons and eight miles wide ♪
♪ Does no good to go inside ♪
♪ It keeps coming ♪
♪ It does no good to go inside ♪
♪ But you are still a friend of mine ♪
♪ Even if we have not spoken ♪
♪ I have looked into your eyes ♪
♪ Through the laughter and the smoke ♪
♪ I will curse the skies for you ♪
♪ If it's all that I can do ♪
♪ Maybe somehow I'll be there ♪
[woman] Okay, good night!